Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
Well, I have my sweetheart again, every single time.
I'm so thankful that you come on, babe.
I told everybody last time whenever I did the video by myself, I missed you.
Yesterday's video, I didn't have her, and I said, 'Man, this is rough without my babe here.
' But I just want to tell everybody, this girl means a lot to me.
She is my friend.
When I did videos without her yesterday, I'm sure you all were thinking, 'Where's Diana at?
' I'm like, 'Yeah, I agree.
I'm glad to be a part.
' Yep.
So, we're here today and we have a word from the Lord that is about 2026 and the rest of 2025.
And I'm going to tell you all, when we prayed for President Trump yesterday, the Lord said to me, he came to me.
He said, 'Braden,' he came to me.
He said, 'Braden, thank you.
' I said, 'What?
' Out of nowhere, I was just washing my hands.
He said, 'Brandon, I just want to say thank you for bringing the people to pray today for President Trump.
You're changing things.
' And I said, 'Lord, of course.
' Oh, wow.
It took me off guard because of the way he said it, and I said, 'Well, of course, Lord.
' But he said, 'I want to show you more that's coming and the decisions that need to be prayed over concerning Trump and the UN meeting in September.
For this will be the make-or-break of the financial structure of America and what's coming.
For those that bless Israel, I will bless, and those that curse Israel, I will curse.
' And he said, 'You'll see in the days ahead the true blessing and the true cursing, for the seedtime and harvest is accelerating.
And you will see those that stand with Israel.
The Abrahamic covenant will come alive more than what you've ever seen before as an end-time sign and event.
You need to hear this as an end-time sign.
This will be a major end-time sign of God showing up and showing off for his people.
Not for a government or a structure of Bibi, but for the people of Israel.
And I don't believe in replacement theology, and obviously the Father doesn't either.
But I just want to tell you all, I know a lot of people got upset about the rapture of the church, saying what's going to happen in September.
But what's going to come in September is a time to remember, for it will be in a 24-hour period.
Everything that you know will be changing.
He said it's like the water going over the waterfall: the point of no return, and the birthing pains as labor pains upon a woman, so will it be.
You're about to see an escalation of that where you can't get the epidural anymore.
It's time to push.
But everybody's like, 'No, we've got to get the epidural.
' No, it's time to push.
The baby's coming.
And the Lord said, 'I've given you a three-year window for a major revival, for our greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
I'm giving you this window to bring in the lost.
Now help me.
Will you help me with the harvest?
' Now, I know a lot of people are ready to jump ship.
And he told me, he said, 'There's a lot of people that are upset.
They're ready to jump ship.
' But he said, 'Brandon, if I come right now, there's billions that are going to hell.
And I don't want that any man should perish, but all come to repentance.
Regardless of whoever, prophet so-and-so, that's telling you he's coming on the 23rd, I don't want to be the bearer of bad news and the bubble buster here, but I'm trying to tell you it's time to draw near.
It's not trying to escape; it's time to draw near.
We're going to see some more, and the Lord is ready.
He said, 'I'm standing at the door, but a great harvest of souls is about to come.
' And people said, 'Well, the harvest of souls, Brandon, is going to happen after the rapture of the church.
' Well, that sounds cocky.
No, I'm telling you, I was there.
The Lord took me out of my body.
I went to the Tribulation.
There was nobody harvesting.
They were all flipping the Lord off and were upset and cussing and burning cars and acting crazy until the Antichrist stepped on the scene and said, 'Hey, I have a solution.
' And it was several weeks, it looked like, from when I was with the Lord.
I don't want to give a time frame, but it looked like everything was burning.
Everybody was acting crazy because the prayer covering of the church for the first time was gone, and everybody was acting a fool.
You think BLM—remember all the rioting and BLM and all the things that happened with that in the big cities, and people were rioting and going crazy back in 2020 or whatever it was—that is nothing compared to what I saw.
Across the world, people are acting a fool and burning and looting and acting nuts during this time frame.
Now, what I did see concerning 2026 and 2025, the Lord showed me the beginning of 2025–2026.
An overview of a great financial outpouring: as we lined up with Israel, the blessing of this was evident.
You could see the people that were blessed.
Remember I saw a two-stranded cord whenever Trump lined up with Israel, this blessing like a Jonathan and a David relationship.
And you will see the blessing of the Abrahamic covenant like we've never seen before come on the people of Israel.
And as I saw this, I saw the fruit and the agriculture be blessed.
I saw, 'Drill, baby, drill.
' And I've said this before, but I'll say it again.
' And as the oil derricks were pumping oil, I saw great oil in the Gulf.
I saw great oil coming in America.
But as I saw Benjamin, I saw a massive hurricane and he was in the eye of the storm, and there was a storm on all sides of Benjamin Netanyahu.
And they were saying, 'We must...
they were wanting to remove him.
He has to be removed.
' And I kept hearing in the storm, 'War crimes.
' It was war crimes, and it was moving around, and all kinds of bad things that they were saying.
As the storm was moving, it was saying words; I could hear it inside this storm.
Canada was in trouble, parts of Europe are in trouble.
I'm telling you all, even when it came to...
the Lord showed me Trump and his health.
And I don't know if he watches my videos or not, but sir, we just want to let you know we pray for you, President Trump, and I hope you watch our videos.
I know I was told your son, Eric, does.
So we pray.
But we know in this vision, President Trump, going into the days ahead, looked like he was losing weight.
And I told Diana, 'In the vision, he looked skinnier.
He looked like he lost fifty pounds.
He started looking skinnier in his face.
' And I thought that was kind of interesting.
So I was watching him, but he looked like he had a little pep in his step, but he was finishing it.
As he blessed Israel, there was a blessing on him.
And then I saw him going into the fall.
I saw things changing.
And then I got to January, and I saw a book that looked like the Declaration of Independence.
That's the way it looked.
It was a piece of parchment paper, a long scroll.
Scroll.
Mhm.
But he had a golden quill pen with a feather.
And he took that quill pen and he started writing new legislation on this concerning the United States of America, digital platforms, and things ahead for money.
And all of a sudden, I saw oil derricks pumping and I heard him—you know how he always says, 'Drill, baby, drill'—I saw, 'Drill, baby, drill' again.
And I saw great oil wealth.
I'm talking wells opened up everywhere.
This is what I saw coming.
And I saw him filling out that piece of paper, but I saw 2026 was a year of a fix, going even into May.
Jerome Powell, I saw he was no more, like it was time for him to be removed, right?
I didn't see him directly, he had just disappeared, but I just knew there was something coming with the interest rates.
Okay.
So, I don't want to add to or take away from anything, but I'm just telling you what I see.
May came and I saw a difference in the economy concerning May, June, July, going into the elections of 2026, concerning the Senate and the House and the governors trying to pump the economy to make it look amazing.
Back at the beginning, I saw a gold layer upon the soil.
And the Lord said, "I want you to pay attention.
" And Trump was looking at the gold soil.
And he was going, "Man," he goes, "Look at everything I've done.
It's great.
You know, the gold foundation and everything's, you know, I'm making everything great again.
" He was bragging about everything how he does.
But it was still a pig.
As he was parading a pig, the foundation was thin.
And the Lord said, "You cannot build a house upon it.
It's not thick enough, but it's enough to land in your pockets full of gold.
" And I saw scooping this gold off of this little bit of a surface and lining your pockets as gallon pockets.
You know how you can get really deep gallon pockets, those quart pockets, you know?
Like in overalls, like those really big pockets that go down your thigh.
And that's the way it was.
And I had these big overalls, these pants on.
They had huge pockets.
And I was scooping up the gold and I was putting it in my pockets in the vision.
And the Lord said, "Line your pockets full of gold for the season will not last very long.
The wave will not last very long.
" Like he's warned us over and over again.
It will be a season of wealth that will not last long.
You cannot build a huge house on it.
It's not a foundation, but it's enough to line your pockets.
So line your pockets in this season.
And I saw gold on there, like I said, and people were scooping it up, putting it in their pockets as quickly as possible, but it wasn't enough to build a house on it.
A foundation wasn't thick enough.
But Trump was parading a pig.
A pig with makeup.
A pig with makeup that looked really pretty, but in the end, it's still a pig.
And as he was walking through and going all this, it was trying to boost the economy, boost it for the Republican party to win in November.
That's what I was seeing, trying to boost it for this.
But as it went, I saw blue up north, and I saw the Senate go blue, Democrat, and I saw it barely stayed in the House.
Now, we can pray into this.
I believe we can change things.
This is why we have such—he's given it to us way in advance.
But this is what I'm seeing at this time.
I saw it go blue and the Lord said, "A stalemate presidency the rest of the term.
" He said, "You have four months and one year to get everything done in legislation that you can get done.
You must act quickly, for a stalemate presidency will be the rest of the term.
" That's what I heard.
You must act quickly for whatever laws you want to pass or whatever you can get done in this time frame, for a stalemate presidency will be at the second term—the rest of the two years, 2027, 2028.
I saw a stalemate presidency like not getting anything past the Senate.
And the Lord said, "You must pray for the governors' seats.
" This is very important.
This is what I try to tell y'all about Oklahoma divided and all these things trying to go blue because right now we're red, but they are trying to go blue.
Key states, this is very important, praying over.
And then I saw SCOTUS.
I saw a changing of judges in the days ahead.
A changing of a judge in the days ahead.
Something's about to happen.
Changing of judges.
And the Lord said concerning federal, pray into this for this harassment and the things concerning SCOTUS.
And I saw changing.
But I saw a financial blessing that was fake.
It was a pig.
But it will make enough to fill your pockets full of gold.
And the Lord said it will be short-lived.
That's what the Lord said in this.
That's what I heard.
Now, you may say, "Well, I don't believe anything about it.
" Well, it's not financial advice.
This is just a vision.
I'm telling you what I saw.
I'm warning you of what I feel the Lord has told me.
You say, "Well, I don't agree with that.
We're in the rapture and we're out of here and we're not going to be here.
" Well, then, okay, then don't listen to the channel.
But I'm trying to tell you what I feel like the Lord told me.
And it's been very, very important what the Lord said to pray as I saw Russia and I saw Venezuela again.
I saw battleships all around Venezuela and the Lord said this is more than drug trafficking.
He's trying to cause a front to cause a pause in the BRICS system.
So the BRICS, like I told you, was reaching out to Venezuela, to Cuba, to North Korea, to these other nations to build a strong BRICS, giving them an olive branch of peace, of saying, "Listen, you join up with us and we'll give you financial liberty out from underneath the United States sanctions.
You join oil with us, you do business with us, and we'll give you a head seat at the BRICS table.
" So Trump knew this and he was saying, "No, we're going to put these battleships there.
We're going to cause confusion.
We're not going to let that happen," right?
Taking down this guy, trying to cause confusion in Venezuela, trying to do this.
But it was a front, trying to stop it to save face for the dollar for this season as Russia and China and all these others were trying to reach out to Venezuela for the oil because they needed oil economic resources to back the BRICS to make it stronger—oil with Venezuela, oil with Saudi Arabia, whoever they were trying to get, you know, in the Middle East, and trying to do all this stuff, trying to build the BRICS up.
And so that was part of what I was seeing.
And remember what I told you all, I saw Canada in the days ahead in a great financial shaking, but they would have to join up with America—not with borders of them becoming part of the 51st state, but financial borders.
There were still physical borders.
Canada was still Canada, but there were no financial borders.
They joined with us financially and they became the 51st state financially, like no financial borders.
We became—our currencies—they didn't have Canadian dollars anymore or American.
We were all one money-wise.
And it's what made it stronger because their economy was in trouble and that we became a lifeboat.
And the same thing with Mexico.
And I saw that they joined with us and we all became one unit, like it was with the BRICS, trying to back up the American economy.
Same with Australia and Europe, trying to combat the BRICS.
And Germany was double, and they were looking both ways.
I remember they were looking towards the Western and they were looking toward the BRICS, like they were double-minded concerning of it.
And I remember seeing this German prime minister, he was looking at America and he was looking at the BRICS like, "Which way do we want to go?
" So, going back to the vision, and so I saw—this is whenever the Lord showed me about, remember I told you he was praying in the White House about Trump's ear.
He was interceding.
The darkness that was coming on America lifted above the trees.
This was the plague, but he was skinnier in that vision.
And I thought that was kind of interesting because he was showing me this, that he was losing weight in these visions.
And I thought, "Well, praise God, our prayers are working.
Maybe he's not eating Big Macs anymore.
" You know, like, I'm just saying, in the vision, he looked like he wasn't drinking Coke.
I was like, "Well, praise the Lord.
He's taking care of himself.
" You know, I'm coming with you; I'm going to exercise, too.
And then, this is about America.
I saw the buildings, two buildings again, exploding from the top up, from the inside out.
They weren't coming from the inside in like 9/11 was, but this was something inside of the buildings.
Two major buildings in America were exploding on the top, the upper floors, from the inside out.
Massive explosions.
And I saw glass and everything exploding and going all over the place.
But I could feel the atmosphere again, and I thought that was interesting.
I see these events, and the Lord showed me even with British Columbia again, I saw a major earthquake again in British Columbia.
That's why I kept seeing this, and the Lord told me, 'This is going to happen.
These major shakings are going to happen.
' And he highlighted the Olympics in February, and it's in Italy, and he said, 'Pray over this.
This is something you need to pray over.
The Olympics in 2026.
Pray over the Winter Olympics in Italy.
It's something serious.
' He hasn't shown me, and he said, 'I'll give you more to the puzzle as you go.
I'll give you more.
It's like taking a piece of the pie, and he gives you a little more and he gives you a little more whenever you're able to chew it because he doesn't want to give it all to you because you'd choke on it.
He gives you a little bit more and a little bit more.
' And I think it's amazing how the Lord talks to me.
I say, 'Lord, thank you.
Well, that's what I can have today.
Okay, I'm appreciative.
' But either way, Lord, we're going to keep praying this out.
We're going to see what you have for us each and every single day.
But as we pray into this, I saw, like I said, the Ronald Reagan face on Trump.
I saw him excited about the golden street, saying, 'Oh, look at this.
' You know how he talks, 'Praise him, I'm going to make America huge.
It's going to be great.
' You know, and he's so excited about the golden street.
But the Lord said, 'Notice the foundation for the body of Christ is really thin there.
It's not, you know, he's not making America great again; it's to make America have a time of, "Let's fill our pockets.
Let's get ready.
"' Listen to him, listen to the Spirit of the Lord so that you know how to get through the days ahead.
And people say, 'Well, I thought Kim Clement prophesied this and that.
' Kim Clement saw a lot of darkness that he never spoke about because he was always telling you there was another side of it.
Just like what he talked about Joseph; Kim Clement got into Joseph, and he said Joseph prepared for the storm so that he didn't have to go through the darkness.
It wasn't for the body of Christ, and I agree with Kim Clement wholeheartedly.
What I told you was coming is not for you.
You are to be the salt and the light of all the darkness, all the shaking to awaken, and all the stuff that I've seen about the plague, the pestilence, the financial crisis, and all the tribulation stuff that I've seen coming—earthquakes in divers places.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are the bride of Christ.
We are the salt and light of this earth.
We are the head and not the tail.
We're above and not beneath.
We'll go through and not go under.
That's what the Bible says, and I line up with the word of God.
I told Diana, 'We will not participate in financial destitution; we've lived that, and I know I'm not going back down that road.
' So I'm asking the Father already, 'Babe, let's pray.
Let's pray into this, that we are in the right place at the right time doing exactly what the Lord has asked us to do, that we are hearing what he's saying so that we can get what is out of his hand.
' I don't want to be a person that's in the middle of Sodom and Gomorrah going, 'You know what?
I like it over here too much, and I'm not hearing what's coming.
' And many of you all are so close to Sodom and Gomorrah, you don't know what's coming.
And I'm thankful that you're here, but like I said, there's so much static in the atmosphere with prophet so-and-so saying this and prophet so-and-so saying that, and you're going, 'Well, Brandon, you said that.
How?
' and you're trying to copy the word.
Folks, if you realize, I ain't trying to toot my own horn.
I said it months ago, and you're hearing it from them, and you're saying, 'He's the original voice.
' No, no, no.
The original voice started with us, and it's usually copied.
But I don't point it out.
I just keep going because it's not maturity to do that, to go, 'Well, you know, they're copying.
' Just grow up, who cares?
But I'm going to tell you, stay on the vine, hear God for yourself.
Bottom line: you don't need me, you don't need them, you need God.
And who's saying it first, who cares?
It's about Jesus.
That's what he told me.
He said, 'Brandon, don't lose track of all that stuff.
Just keep close to me.
All this other stuff will work itself out.
' Who's saying what, he's already told you all that.
There's a lot of static in the air and there's a lot of all this weirdness, flakiness—'We're going home, we're doing this.
' I'm like, 'No, just focus on the task at hand.
' You know why I'm not worried about the rapture of the church?
Because I occupy until he comes.
I'm too busy occupying.
I'm too busy trying to take the land for Jesus.
I'm not worried about the rapture.
You know why?
Because I believe I qualify; my lamp's full of oil.
Stay ready.
I'm staying ready every day.
I'm looking for it.
Diana and I are looking for him.
We're looking up like this and we say, 'Hey babe, let's pray today.
' We're looking up, we're taking communion, and we're seeking him as a family.
And I'm not worried about when he's coming.
I'm just doing everything I can to catch all the people I can around me on fire for him so that their vessels are full, too.
But if you're always looking up and not helping those around you, what are we here for?
'We're rapture-bound, we're out of here, God come and get us.
' And we're always looking up, but you have all these people dying and going to hell, all of them.
And that's why I try to tell you all every single time when we come on here: you need to get your heart right before Jesus Christ because I'm staying vertical.
I keep my eyes on him.
I don't go horizontal, looking at when is the rapture coming.
It doesn't matter.
I occupy until he comes.
My heart's longing for him.
I've been on the other side; I've seen what he has for us.
I've had amazing visitations of heaven, but I'm telling you, it's not my focus.
My focus is the job at hand: to bring in the lost as quickly as I can because they're going to burn in hell.
And what's most precious to him is precious to me—the soul of man.
What's precious to him is to see that none should perish, that all come to repentance.
And all the other stuff is going to work itself out because I'm keeping my eyes on him.
The rapture of the church can happen whenever it needs to happen, but right now, I'm focused on the task at hand.
I'm not worried about my problems or overcoming or Megan or anything.
I'm focused on just getting as many of you all saved that I can, to tell them that Jesus Christ is coming and you need to repent so that you don't burn in hell for eternity.
Do you understand?
All the other stuff is not important.
The most important thing is that we all know that he is coming.
We can agree on that, but on timing we might differ, and we can say, 'Is there a reverse rapture?
' and all this.
I never even heard where it is; I don't know about all this stuff.
There are so many people with so many different—'Well, so-and-so said this, there's a reverse rapture, there's a major 9/11 event and all these people are going to die' and all this stuff.
You can pick anything in the scripture you want to and try to twist it the way you want to make it sound.
I'm going to tell you this: I'm going to stay grounded, and I'm going to keep getting people saved, and I'm not trying to come up with some crazy theology.
I don't care.
I just stay on the Word, telling you that Jesus Christ, in the Great Commission, to go into all the world, lay hands on the sick, cast out devils, raise the dead, to bring sight to the blind, to do everything the Lord told me I could do by His Word, and not get off in la-la land.
Stay grounded in these last days, because you're going to get swayed by a lot of voices.
Well, this prophet said there's no more financial blessing, and if you invest in this, you're going to lose everything.
I don't care what they say.
You know what?
I care about what He says.
And I listen to Him and I say, "Babe, does that witness with you?
" Ah, don't listen to me.
Okay.
Well, let's pray some more until we know that we're hearing, because you don't get off in la-la land, especially when we pray.
Pray as a family.
We take communion.
We believe God that He's going to teach us and guide us into all things.
And if we miss it, and you fall down and skin your knee, then you pick yourself up and say, "Man, that hurt a little bit, but God, I'm still focused on You.
" Folks, when you miss it, you don't go, "Well, I'll quit.
" No, you just keep brushing your knees off, pick your bicycle up, and you keep riding.
You keep on, keep on.
But I'm telling you, there's a lot of spiritual weirdness out there right now with all this different stuff going on.
And well, "I don't know who to believe.
" I hear that a lot.
"I don't know who to believe.
" Well, go with your peace.
That's a good one.
And don't listen to me, don't listen to him.
What does your peace say?
What do you feel the Holy Ghost telling you?
And even Diana, we were talking about making a big decision about something.
And it's not the answer that I wanted, but I said, "Okay, let's pray in the Spirit together.
" So, I grabbed her hand and we were praying, and she goes, "What do you hear?
" And I told her what I heard.
And I said, "What do you hear?
" She goes like this.
I said, "It's not what I wanted to hear, and it's not what my spirit wanted, but it's what I have peace about.
So go with that.
" Even if my flesh didn't want to hear what I felt like the Holy Spirit just told me, because that's not the answer that I wanted, because sometimes you already have an answer in your mind of what you think you want the Spirit of God to tell you, and you've already made up your mind.
So you're already decided in your flesh.
So you bypass the Spirit of God, what He's trying to tell you in your heart.
And so you're not going to hear the Spirit of God because you so desperately want what you want.
And it's not going to work that way.
He'll tell you things that your flesh doesn't like.
"Brandon, lose weight.
" I don't like that.
"Okay, Brandon, you do this.
" And I'm like, okay.
"Brandon, stop texting people.
Stop calling people.
Brandon, you need to do this.
" And I go, okay.
So, I've done that in the past.
It's hard sometimes when you're social.
I butterfly about things.
You want to talk to folks and the Lord says, "Brandon, I don't want you to do that anymore.
" Okay?
You know, just me, and I'm just being real with you all.
But it takes being obedient and willing and saying, "God, I'll eat the fruit of the land, regardless if my flesh likes it or not.
When You correct me, I want to have ears to hear and a heart to receive what the Spirit is saying, even if my flesh doesn't like it.
" "Brandon, I want you to stay at this job and clean bathrooms.
" That's not You.
That's the devil.
"Get thee behind me, Satan.
" And that's what you say.
"But surely that's not God.
" Year after year, 15 years.
And you go, "Lord, is that You still?
" "Yes, it is.
Keep going.
" "I want you to stay in this shotgun house for all these years.
" 22 years in a shotgun house with barely 800 square feet, with holes in the floor, with a leaky roof, pouring water when it rains, mold growing.
It was terrible.
22 years doing it.
And you sit there and go, "God, can we leave?
" "No.
Take care of this, do this.
" And you go, "Lord, this cannot be You.
" And the Lord said, "What do you feel, babe?
" She goes, "I feel like the Lord says we're supposed to stay here 22 years.
" And you sit there and go, "Lord, this doesn't make any sense.
Help me with my leaky roof.
Help me with this.
" And finally, He sends you a blessing and says, "It's time to move.
" Do you understand?
It's not always what your flesh wants to hear when He tells you to do something.
Sometimes it makes your flesh squirm, but it's being obedient and following that peace that passes all understanding.
And I'm telling you, Jesus, I'm sure when God said, "You're going to have to die on that cross, Son, and you're going to have to suffer for all these people, and it's going to be probably the worst thing that you ever could imagine, but I need you to do it.
" I'm sure Jesus was like, "Surely that's not My Father.
" Seriously, you know, I bet He's thinking that in His mind, "Man, this is going to be...
if it be Your will, Father, let this cup pass before Me.
But not My will, but Yours be done.
" And He said, "I'll die for them.
" I'm so glad He did.
Yes, I'm so thankful.
"It's not my will, but Yours be done, Lord.
" That's what He said.
"I choose today to take on sickness.
I choose today to take on their pain.
I choose today to bear their sin.
I choose today to do all that.
" That's what He said.
And He was obedient.
The Bible says He became obedient unto death, to the point where He said, "My Father, My Father, why have You forsaken Me?
" Because the sin was so bad on Him that God had to turn His back on Him because it was so heavy.
He couldn't look at Him because it was that dirty, it was that bad, because He took everything, sickness, everything.
He became obedient unto death.
He didn't know death.
He had to receive it by faith, because He didn't even know.
He knew how to walk in healing, He knew how to walk in prosperity, He knew how to do everything, but He had to receive all that by faith.
"I receive sickness.
I receive it.
" And He had to do it by faith because He had never done it before.
He knew no sickness, He knew no sin, He knew none of it, and He had to yield Himself to it.
Say, "God, I take it for them.
" But He did it for you, and He did it for me.
He did it all for us.
Galatians 3:13.
That Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
He became sickness.
He became disease.
He was wounded for our transgressions.
He was bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and with His stripes, we are healed.
He took it for you.
He took it for me.
And He said, "I become obedient unto this.
I yield myself.
Father, whatever He said, put it on Him.
" And He did.
And He did it for you and me.
So, I want you to know that Jesus Christ loves you today.
And as He took all that on His body, all He went through, He wanted you to know that He's knocking at your heart's door today.
He's knocking at your heart's door.
You hear about the future and what the Lord has for you.
He gave you a piece of the puzzle of what He wants to do for the body of Christ.
Are you part of the body of Christ today?
If you're of the world, you're not going to participate in this, unless it rains on the just and the unjust.
But you want to be in the right place at the right time.
And the only way you're going to do that is being on the vine.
And what I mean by being on the vine is being sold out to Him.
Being crucified with Christ.
"Nevertheless, not I, but Christ in me, the hope of glory.
" Being a Christian, you need to become a born-again Christian today.
And I want you to really search your heart.
Do you know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
And does He know you?
"Well, I heard about Him.
" You know, a lot of what my mom told me about when I was growing up.
You know, I went to Bible school a couple of times with my grandma, and I went to Sunday school at the Baptist church and got to go over there.
They gave me some crackers, and I got some of those little goldfish cracker things, and you know, that was really fun, and I heard a couple of times about it.
But you know, I really don't know anything more about it.
You know, I've been down, Brandon, and I hear it from everywhere.
People have all kinds of stories, but what's your story?
I don't worry about everybody else's story anymore.
I focus on me.
Do you know Jesus?
What does God say about me?
What does He say about you today?
What is He saying about you?
Does He know you?
Does Jesus Christ know you?
If you were to die today, where would you spend eternity forever?
I want you to search your heart right now, and if you say to me, 'I don't know,' well, do you want to know?
Do you want to know if you were to die today?
I heard one person say—there was this one famous guy who said, 'I know where I'm going to go.
I'm going to hell, and I can't wait to get there.
' And I said, 'Look, that guy is a fool.
He doesn't even know what he's saying, the torment that is going to be in hell forever.
You people can't comprehend what hell was designed for.
It's not designed for man; it's designed for the devil.
But we choose to go to hell by the decisions we make.
But we can choose life today and have Jesus Christ forgive you of all your sins.
But you have to get to that place of desperation of saying, 'Father, I can't do this anymore.
' He's at your door right now, and he's knocking, and he's saying, 'Will you let me in?
' But you have to yield and say, 'Father...
' Because why?
Why do you have to open the door to him?
Because he's a gentleman.
Gentlemen don't barge their way in.
Gentlemen say, 'Hey, I'm knocking.
Will you let me in?
' But he's never going to force his way in on your life.
You have to, because he made us free moral agents.
We have the choice to say, 'I want to serve him or not,' by free will.
Today, you choose whether or not you want to be saved.
And I want to ask you the question again: do you know him?
Do you know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
And I want you to make the decision right now.
Say, 'Brandon, I don't want to go to hell.
I don't want to spend eternity in hell.
Everything you say is amazing.
I would like to be a part of heaven.
I would like to go to heaven.
I want to have my name written in that Lamb's Book of Life.
' Well, today's your day.
I believe you didn't just click this video by accident.
I believe you came on here and you thought, 'Man, I'm curious about what they're talking about.
' But today, you feel that itching on the inside of you.
And that's not called coincidence; that's called divine destiny.
And He has a plan for your life.
And you're here today, and you know that you need to make a choice.
You know today, 'I have to make a choice to serve Jesus.
' Well, I want to help you make that choice.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
Will you serve Jesus Christ today for eternity, or will you burn in hell for eternity?
But you don't know.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
You may not make it home from your job today.
You may not wake up tonight out of your sleep; you may die in your sleep.
No man is promised tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
You need to know.
You need to know where will you spend eternity.
And I want you to make that choice right now.
So if I'm speaking to you and you feel that inside of your heart, you feel that itching, and you say, 'Man, Brandon, I want this,' I want you to comment something down below.
I want you to tell us, 'I want to be saved' in the comments down below.
I want you to tell us right now, 'I need Jesus.
I want Jesus.
I want to make a change in my life.
' And from this day forward, I want to make a change.
I don't want to live the way I've been living.
I can't do this anymore.
I'm ready to give up it all.
I'm ready to leave my wife.
I'm ready to leave my husband.
I'm ready to self-harm.
Whatever.
I cannot keep going down this direction anymore.
Today, I hit rock bottom.
Today I need Jesus.
I want you to say this prayer with me.
I want you to say this prayer.
It's a simple prayer.
I always make it simple because I believe that even a five-year-old child can say this prayer.
And if you believe it with your whole heart, Jesus will cleanse you from all of it.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died for me, and You rose again on the third day, and You're seated at the right hand of the Father making intercession for me.
Jesus, I'm a sinner, and I need a Savior.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
I ask You to cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Today, I want to be saved.
Today, I ask You to give me a new path, a new way, a new everything.
The Bible says this—what the Bible told, He said, 'If you confess your sins, He is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
' So, Father, we confess my sins before You right now.
And I thank You, Lord, that You're cleansing me of all unrighteousness.
Thank you that today You wrote my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
And I'll not serve them anymore.
I serve You from this day forward.
And today, I start a new chapter in my life.
Today, Lord, I turn my heart over to You.
Make me new.
Cleanse me and make me new.
Forgive me, Lord.
I need You, Lord, in my life today.
Thank you, Lord, that You've brought me into Your home.
You brought me in as my father.
You've brought me in today, and You've given me a new start.
Thank you, Lord.
From this day forward, I'll serve You with all my heart in Jesus' name.
Amen.
' That's it.
It's nothing hard.
That was easy.
But with the heart, confession is made, and what you did right now is you confessed Him and you said, 'I need You.
' And you turned your back on the world.
You turned your back on the devil.
And guess what?
He accepts you with arms wide open today.
As you open that door, you say, 'Come on, Jesus, I need You.
' And He's in there saying, 'All right, I'll clean you up.
I'll cleanse you and make you right.
' And He's up there and He's giving that spirit, He's giving that all.
He gives you a Holy Ghost scrub, is what I tell you.
He's scrubbing you all up, cleaning you up, getting your heart right.
Everything is getting...
But what you do now is you go and find a non-denominational church, and you tell the pastor there, 'I got born again on a YouTube broadcast, and I need to be water-baptized.
I need to—I need to—I'm selling out for Jesus.
' You need to sell out for Him.
So, go get water-baptized.
Go there, tell them about it, whatever.
Find a church, a non-denominational church that will help do that, and then get plugged in there.
Go to church on Wednesdays, go to church on Sundays, Bible study, whatever they have.
Get plugged in there and learn about this new life.
Learn about what you got today in salvation.
Go there and learn and read the Bible.
Now read your Bible every single day.
It's like we read our Bible; you go and you read your Bible every single day.
Read it and read it and read it and read it, and it will change you from the inside out.
Pray, come here and pray with us, and watch our channel and be a part of our YouTube family.
But read your Bible every day.
You say to me, 'Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
I don't even have a way of getting a Bible.
All this is new to me.
' Diana and I want to celebrate your decision today by buying you your first Bible.
So, we want—Diana will tell you how to get it.
Yes.
If you said the sinner's prayer and you got saved on this channel, then we want to bless you with a Bible through Amazon.
We'll send one to you.
Just go down into the description and you'll find our email address.
And then if you will just put in the subject line, 'I can't afford a Bible,' and put your address in the email, then we will get a Bible sent to you through Amazon.
And we won't use it for anything else.
So there's no junk email or anything like that.
So, yeah, it's fun.
We just want to...
we're just saying congratulations.
It's exciting.
It's a great thing.
It's a great day when you give your heart to Jesus.
Behold, all the old is gone, and I mean He said, 'I make all things new.
' Isn't it wonderful?
I remember the first day I gave my heart to Jesus Christ.
I'll never forget it.
It's marked on me forever.
And the day I got baptized, you know, those are special times.
Me too.
It's the day of just saying, 'I surrender.
' Like whenever a policeman says, 'Stick 'em up,' and you go, 'I surrender.
' That's what we do.
'I surrender, Father.
I surrender all.
' You know, 'I surrender all.
All to Thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
' 'I surrender, I surrender all.
' It's like the most beautiful thing ever to me is just saying, 'Lord, I need You more than you can ever imagine.
I mean, it's over the top.
I need You.
' And I still do, after all these years.
I got born again when I was 11 years old.
It's amazing.
I've fallen down and skin my knee a lot, but I'm going to tell you, backsliding, doing things, but I've always had that inside of me to say, 'I need Jesus.
' There's always that stirring, and I'm telling you, that's what keeps me on the right road is, 'Father, I'm hungry.
I surrender.
' I stay in that place of surrender.
'Father, I surrender.
I need You.
I can't do this.
' The moment you start thinking you can do life without Him, you're on the wrong road.
I need Him every single day.
Even more now than I ever did.
That's what I feel.
I need Him more now.
My assumption of what I saw coming...
I believe the rapture of the church is me just looking into a timeline, whenever I'm looking out over the edge of things.
The reason I brought up '28, '29 is what I believe I'm seeing concerning what's coming.
For how dark it looked, I pray the church is raptured out of here before then.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all.
You say, 'Well, you're saying it's going to the rapture of the church.
' Listen, the Shmita cycle.
You need...
it's like Sister Billy always teaches us, the beginning of tribulation starts with a seven-year Shmita cycle.
Think about that.
So everybody who's saying that the rapture of the church is taking place this year doesn't even line up with a Shmita cycle.
A Shmita cycle is a seven-year period of time.
And the beginning of Jacob's trouble is a seven-year Shmita cycle.
But a Shmita cycle doesn't start over until the 2028-2029 time frame, right?
So I don't...
I've always, like Sister Billy teaches a lot of end-time stuff, it starts at the beginning of a Shmita cycle.
So that would be 2028.
So, a rapture of the church either would take place in 2028 at the beginning of the Shmita cycle to start Jacob's trouble for a seven-year tribulation with a three-and-a-half-year great tribulation in the middle, or it will start seven years after that concerning a Shmita cycle, because the Lord is not going to come back in the middle of a Shmita cycle.
Okay, it would be out of order.
It would be the beginning of a Shmita cycle, and you go through the whole seven years, and then it would be at the beginning.
So God's not going to cut off a Shmita cycle and say, 'I'm going to start a tribulation in the middle of a Shmita cycle, of a Jewish Shmita cycle,' because that's the way things work.
And we won't know the day or the hour, but we know the time frame.
So we know to look at a Shmita year, right?
A new beginning of a Shmita year.
So when you really look at it, this Shmita cycle that I'm referring to is the beginning of 1948 when Israel became a nation, okay?
So, the Shmita cycle is going off of that.
And that would be the Shmita cycle that lines up with what I'm talking about.
A seven-year period that started back then, and the generation is because the Lord said, 'This generation that became Israel, that saw Israel become a nation, will not pass before the Son of Man's return.
' Okay.
So, what is a generation?
A generation is 80 years, whatever it be.
That generation of 1948 is, from what I understand—and for you Bible scholars, if you went through the rocks, up to 120 years.
So that generation of 80, so right there from 1948 all the way, so seven years, seven years, seven years...
it's been going on since that time frame.
So that's what we're counting off of, 1948.
I hope y'all are following me, because I'm trying to tell y'all.
So we're getting ready to get another Shmita cycle from that, which is 2028.
So 1948 to 2028 is—I don't know how many Shmita cycles that is, but it's like a lot.
So at the end of that is, I believe, going from 1948 to 2028 would be the end of the Shmita cycle, starting a new one, and that's why I say that.
So you say, 'So why do you say that?
Because, Brandon, why are you saying the rapture's in 2028?
' Because it's the end of a Shmita cycle from 1948.
Does that make sense?
And there's blood moons and all these things that we've been looking at.
But if you say 2025 is the year of the rapture, it doesn't even line up with the Shmita cycle coming from 1948 and the generation.
It doesn't line up with anything.
It's just like, 'Oh, 2025, let's just pick one.
' It has to be the beginning of a Shmita cycle for a seven-year period for Jacob's trouble.
It's a seven-year period.
Seven years is what even Daniel talks about.
So it goes on for seven, and then the great tribulation happens three and a half years into it.
Three and a half years.
So this is where it's going to throw you all a curveball, in my opinion.
There's a lot of people that do not believe that the body of Christ goes through any of the tribulation, but there's a lot of people who believe we go through half of the tribulation.
So, we were studying Tom Horn's vision of him saying that he believes the rapture of the church happens in 2025 during the Feast of Trumpets—no, that the tribulation begins at that time frame.
And I thought, well, that doesn't line up with the Shmita cycle, but he had all these things of what he was saying.
So I thought if it goes into it, and that's the midway point, because what he was going off of was Apophis saying that this asteroid that's supposed to hit the earth in 2029 would be a three-and-a-half-year window from October the 7th or 13th of this year.
So his way, he says, because Apophis lines up, Apophis is supposed to hit the earth in April 2029, which would be the halfway point.
So what is a three-and-a-half-year window from October during the Feast of Trumpets during this time frame?
So he believes that we are midway through tribulation by 2029, which would be what Revelation 19 is what he said would be when the asteroid hits the earth and we're midway through, and that begins the great tribulation going for another three and a half years.
So that's what he believes, and you know, I said there's so many different things out there.
So if that's the case and he's right, and the rapture of the church doesn't happen and tribulation begins, that means we could be mid-tribbers, and the people who preach mid-trib could be right.
I'm not here to argue theology.
There's so many people that are so strong about this subject, and there's a lot of division about it.
I believe in mid-trib.
I believe in no trib at all.
I believe in going through the whole tribulation.
But the whole thing is that when you try to rightly divide the word, I just go by what the Shemitah cycles say, and the Shemitah cycles are ending in 2028.
So if that was the case and the rapture took place in 2028, that means we would miss Apophis, and it would be at the beginning of Revelation 19, which would be at the beginning of 2029.
In April, before Passover of April, around that timeframe of 2029, Apophis was supposed to hit, this asteroid, right?
And Tom Horn's saying this, and that's what they talk about.
Well, that would be the timeframe.
Well, the rapture would still take place before, even if it happened in 2029.
And I told you I don't believe we're appointed unto wrath.
I don't believe we're going to go through any of it.
And I know this is so way over the top.
Yeah, I'm not an end-time scholar, is what I'm trying to say.
I'm not one of these people, because it's very—I just go by what I hear Jonathan Cahn and all these people talking about the Shemitah cycles and all this stuff.
And I know what Sister Billy's taught me about the tribulation begins at a seven-year period of a Shemitah cycle.
And a tribulation is a seven-year Shemitah cycle.
So if that's the case, could we be right there?
Three years for a revival is not that long, going into 2028.
I mean, we have the rest of 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028.
So it's not even three and a half years anymore; it's three years and four months.
I don't even know when Rosh Hashanah is in 2028, because that would be the beginning of a Jewish New Year in Rosh Hashanah 2028, and that would be the fulfillment of a seven-year process.
It would be Rosh Hashanah of 2028 to start a new seven years, which would be the beginning of the tribulation.
So that right there, in a nutshell, is why I believe what I believe.
And that may have confused the heck out of a lot of you, but if you go over what I said, it makes sense, because it makes sense to me.
I'm just trying to tell y'all that that's why I believe what I believe.
So, I don't believe we'll see anything.
Now, if Tom Horn is right and tribulation starts this year and we're not caught away—we're caught away in tribulation, then we go through that, then whatever.
But he believes it goes up—the reason why his theory is, remember again, it goes up into 2029 is when Apophis—he believes that's not Revelation 19 is midway through tribulation.
So that's all going off Tom Horn's theory.
But like I said, there are so many—I have so many different voices of people saying all this, but I just keep going with what I feel that the Lord's told me.
We have a three-and-a-half-year window of revival.
It's on down to three years and four months now—three years and four months for a revival to go into 2028, and we're out of here.
That's what I just believe we have, this window of time.
So what happens after that?
If we're still here, then I'm bummed, you're bummed, we're all bummed.
We're just rapture ready.
Yes, I just keep my eyes on Him.
So, all right.
Well, that's what I have for you.
Remember, we love you.
We really do.
If you could help us, and I know I'm not trying to confuse anybody, but I'm just trying to throw my thoughts in there.
Subscribe, if you could subscribe.
We're a praying channel, not a hermeneutical theological channel.
We're a praying channel.
But it's the truth; people are curious about what I believe.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
Click the notification bell, click the like button, click the thumbs up, do all the things you can do to help us pray more.
That's what we're going to stick to.
But I just want to tell y'all, we love you.
Thank you for being here.
I just believe the best is yet to come for the body of Christ.
And we lay hands on the sick and see them recover, for every single one of us.
There are good days ahead for the miracle, creative miracle-working power of God to flow in our lives.
So, we love you, we appreciate you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.